Remove double seed (#208)
epiverse-trace/tutorials-middle: episodes/superspreading-simulate.Rmd

[Christian Althaus, 2015](https://www.thelancet.com/journals/laninf/article/PIIS1473-3099(15)70135-0/fulltext) reused data published by [Faye et al., 2015 (Figure 2)](https://www.thelancet.com/journals/laninf/article/PIIS1473-3099(14)71075-8/fulltext#gr2) on the transmission tree on Ebola virus disease in Conakry, Guinea, 2014.

Using the data under the **hint** tab: 

- Estimate the offspring distribution from the distribution of secondary cases.
- Then estimate the large outbreak potential from this data, simulating 100 runs with one initial case.

> - Print the summary of the simulation to count the number of chains of size that reach to more than 100 infected cases.

Author: ```suggestion
- Print the summary of the `<epichains>` class object. This should help us count how many chains reach a `size` of more than 100 infected cases.
```
